No, you're extraordinary. You're a bastard
What can stop me from taking a break?
Night Butler
Order you now
Kill him immediately
Ye family, I really don't care about you
Ye Feifan, you are so brave
What to do with the beast
Don't worry, he just passed out.
Immortal
Ye Feifan dares to take action against the Ye family
Do you know the consequences?
Go back and tell Ye Xinxin
Give my mother hemp and filial piety for three days
I will spare a group of leaves that will not die
Ye Feifan, the head of the Ye family will give you two.
Then you are from the Ye family
Don't give you face
You are rubbish
Jiaozhou he remembers
Submit to the Ye family
This is your only way out
What is this place?
Don't make me surrender
An ungrateful thing
If you don't teach him today, your attempt is to die
It's my land
You dare to touch him
Qin Jing, I advise you not to meddle in your own business
Otherwise you will die today
Your Ye family is in the middle and lower
It's a tiger, lie down for me
It's a dragon, you plate it for me
Governor above me
And the identity of the first female god of war in Great Xia
Order to leave midsummer immediately
Since the Qin headquarters has spoken
Then I'll let you go today.
Qin Jing, this is what happens when you meddle